---
title: "Randy Hall"
description: "I like pie. I wear hats. I make films."
avatar: "/static/img/members/randy-hall.jpg"
---

A transplant from Silicon Valley, Randy has been into technology his entire life. From his first Apple II Plus, loading games like Ultima II from his super sleek 5.25-inch floppy drive, all the way to working for high-tech giant Intel (when it was still small enough to be called "Little Blue") for over 15 years, Randy has seen Silicon Valley come of age, and then some. Along the way he discovered that the Silicon Valley lifestyle was shortening his lifespan, so in 2006 he took the biggest risk of his life and moved to Sonoma County with his family.

You might ask, "what does this have to do with film?" to which Randy replies, "quiet, I'm telling a story here."

Despite his software engineering background and high-tech pedigree, he recently trained at the [San Francisco School of Digital Filmmaking](http://filmschoolsf.com "Soon to be called 'Film School SF'") in an intensive 12-month filmmaking program, which, when combined with his decades of South Bay living and deep knowledge of technology, digital marketing, and business, instantly turned the lightbulb on inside his skull. He's now building his [production company](http://vomproductions.com "VOM Productions") one client at a time, with a clever blend of storytelling and visual effects. His short documentary "Udderly Direct" was screened at several film festivals, including the Sebastopol Documentary Film Festival in 2013. He has produced and filmed other award-winning short films in his relatively short film career and is on his way to becoming a producer to be reckoned with. In 2013, back when Chimera was still a toddler, Randy produced and directed a short film for the [48 Hour Film Project Santa Rosa](http://www.48hourfilm.com/en/santarosa/ "Just this little film project thing") along with an all-Sonoma County cast and crew, with the team headquartered at the Chimera Art Space for the weekend of the event.

From 2007 to 2012, Randy produced and co-hosted a wine industry-related radio/podcast program called [Wine Biz Radio](http://winebizradio.com) along with his best buddies Rick "Kaz" Kasmier and Christophe "X" Smith. They have dreams of a reunion tour; but honestly, they need their time apart. Lately, Randy has started a new podcast, much in the same vein as Wine Biz Radio, but about the film industry. He hosts it along with a fine young gentleman in San Francisco named Ben Yennie, with the working title of "Film Insight: The Producer Foundry Podcast". Yes, it's something of a mouthful, and they're still working on it.

When he grows up, Randy wants to be the ultimate Renaissance Man, moving freely between the realms of art, science, philosophy, business, and politics with an ease unknown to mere mortals. But in the meantime, he's down for creating film and other art projects, reawakening the wounded software development child inside him, and hacking on electronics, while learning to build laser cutters and CNC mills and 3D printers, all from scratch (if he has anything to say about it!)
